🎙 Ever wished you remember what the other person said? Your wish is now a reality! With this simple voice recorder and audio recorder, you can record any high quality audio and other voice memos really easily! 

With this recording app, you can record different audios. You can use this audio recorder and voice recorder as a music recording studio. This recording app gives you freedom to record each and every thing happening around you and visualize it later.

This free app goes straight to the point, it contains no fancy features that you won't use. Just you and the voice recorder or audio recorder. It shows the current sound volume on a nice visualization that you can have a lot of fun with. Provides a really intuitive and clean user interface, not much can go wrong there. You can also take audio notes from this recording app or keep voice memos for later to listen. This recording app also provides you a unique and easy feature of music recording studio where you can record music as an audio recorder and record the music.

This recording app offers a helpful audio recorder and voice recorder player too so that you can listen to your recordings quickly within this recording app, maybe rename or delete them. You can customize the shown date and time format for better user experience.

You can optionally hide the top notification during recording to preserve your privacy. It offers a practical and customizable widget for creating quick recordings. This voice recorder gives you freedom to use this app however you want.

За промовчанням застосунок поставляється з матеріальним дизайном і темною темою, забезпечує чудовий користувацький досвід для простого використання. Відсутність доступу до Інтернету надає більше приватності, безпеки та стабільності, порівняно з іншими додатками.

Не буде показувати рекламу; потрібні лише найнеобхідніші дозволи. Програмний код повністю відкритий, забезпечує настроювальні кольори оформлення.

Ознайомтеся з повним набором додатків Simple Tools тут:
https://www.simplemobiletools.com

Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/simplemobiletools

Reddit:
https://www.reddit.com/r/SimpleMobileTools

Telegram:
https://t.me/SimpleMobileTools
